Pourth and 5atUrO8y berore - 5hady Orove Church - 3 mlles north or
Double Springs, Alabama, On Hwy. 195.
Fourth- DelLong hlemorial - Ebenezer Church, Intersection of Roberts
Road and Spalding Drive, Dunwoody, 9eorgia.
Fourth - Indian Creek Baptist Church - 4 miles north of Bowdon,
Georgis, Hwy 100.!
Fourth - hit. Lebanon Church - B miles northwest of Fayette,Al.
Fourth - New Hope Church - 5 miles south of Jones Chapel, Alabama,
on Hwy 278 - County Hwy. rom dones Chapel to Crane Hill (Cullman,
County).
JULY 1994
dduly 4 - Independence Day- luscadine hlethodist Church, hluscadine,
Alabarma off Hwy 275, just south of intersection wiht Hwy 75 in East
Cleburne County.
First and Saturday before - Henagar Union Convention - Liberty Church.
2 miles north of Henagar, Alabama. from Henagar crossing take Hwy 40
wesl to Farmer Telephone Cooperative. Turn right to dead end. Turn
right. Take first left past Henagar hlethodist Church onto Liberty Road.
Church on right after approx. 1.5 miles.
First - Cross Roads 5aptist Church - 9 miles north of Tallapooss,
Georgia, just of Hwy 100.
First - New Flatwoods Church - Dutton, 6reen hlemorial - 5 miles
south of Nauvoo, Alabama. and east of Hwy 11 - Nauvoo to Carbon Hill,
Alabama.
First - Pleasant Hill Church - One Mlila Southwest of Watson 5lvd. on
South Pleasant Hill Rd.,Warner Robbins, 3eorgis.
Second - and Saturday before- Connecticut Convention- Place to be
announced'
Second and Saturday before - Cullman Courthouse - Cullman, Alabama
Second -Hardman Church (5.F. White Book) Glenwood Rd.Decatur, GA
Second- Oak 6rove Primitive 5aptist Church- Oak Grove Community-
between Childersburg and Sylacouga Alabama. On Hwy 260
Second - Mft. Iion church - 18 miles north of Gordo, Alabama. Hwy
159.
Second - Spring Creek Church, 3 miles west of Banner. Calhoun
County, hiississippi.
Saturday (only) before 3rd Sunday - MIt. Oak Church - 5 miles
northwest of Arab, Alabama.
Saturday before third Sunday -rlichiana Regional .Goshen, lndiana
Saturday -(only) before 3rd Sunday - Walker County Convention -
80th session - City Auditorium, Jasper, Alabama.
Third - 121 session - Chafin, Harbinson and Hollis singing - New
Prospect Church, 3 miles east of 3remen, Ala., and south of HWY. 59
Third - hit. Zion Church - Near Fyffe, Alabama.
Saturday (only)before Fourth Sunday,- Cotaco Convention - Gum
