Third and Saturday before - 5Oth session - Calhoun County Conventi0l
Four Mfila hlount Mloriah Primitive 5aptist Church. Hwy. 21 - 5 mile
north of intersection 451 from Anniston to dacksonville, Al.
Third - Hardeman Church, 5. F. White Sacred Harp Singing, Glenwoo4
Rd., Decatur, 6eorgis.
Third - Shady Grove, Walker County, Alabama.- Keeton Cernetery l
1/2 miles east of new Flatwoods Ch. on Hwy 11, Nauvoo to Carbon Hill,
Fourth Sunday and Saturday before - lllinois State Convention -
Charleston, lllinois. Placed to be announced.
Fourth - Gum Pond (hlorgan County)-18 mi. northeast of Cullman, AlL
Fourth - Liberty Hill Church- 9 miles east of boaz, Alabama, top of
Hortons Gap, just off Sardis Farm to market blacktop road.
Fourth - Winston County Convention - Sunday only - Shady 6rove
Church, 3 miles north of Double Springs, Alabama on Hwy 195.
Fourth- Emmaus Primitive 5aptist Church- Thomaston, eorgia.
Fourth - City Hall, Ashland, Alabama.
Fourth - Loosascoona Primitive Baptist Church- Air tlount - north of
Hwy 330, 11 miles west of 5urce, hlississippi.
OCTOBER, 1994
First Sundayand Saturday befora Twin Cities. linnesota,( 5us will go)
First - Sandy Creek Church - one mile south of Flovilla, Seorgia.
First - Hopewell Primitive 5aptist Church - Alexander, Hulletl, Lowe
and 5rothers hlemorial. - 6 miles east of Oneonta, Alabama, and 1 mile
east of Oneonta Airport.
;*aA:ra7-
ddunction on Hwy 117.
Second- Old Flatwoods Church, Navoo, Alabama (Harper hlamorial)
Second - Second Creek Church - Teke Tennessee Hwy 95 to Five
Points, Tennessee, turn west on Liberty Grove - Five Points Road. Go
about 1 mile and turn left, then go about I mile on paved road to church
on right.
Second - Bailey hlemorial hlethodist Church - Loyd, Calhoun, County,
hfississippi.
Second - Walker Cates and H. H. Brown Singing. - Tluscadine hiethodist
Church - Nluscadine, Ala. On Hwy. 49. Just south of intersection with
Hwy 78 in East Cleburne County.
Third - hlars Hill Mcwhorter hlemorial - Cleburne County, Hwy, 78 to
Fruithurst, County Rd. 35 to 49 -to 65 - 5 miles on left.
Third - Reid hlemorial Singing - Old County Line Church - 10 miles west
of Warrior, Alabama, near Corner.
Saturday and Saturday night before third Sunday New York State
Convention.
