the Folk Eucharist in the St, Joseph Chapel of the Washington Cathedral.
Hugh lc6raw was invited to speak to the congregation about Sacred Harp.
Ella Wilcox opened the Sunday session leading song on page 171. Leaders:
Zens Tucker, 405; Carol Werbs (NJ), 65; Connie Karduck, 335; Tom
Padwa, 55; John dalRs, 56b; Pat Hilgard, 487; Karon Foley, 84; Joseph
Christopher, 4b; John Currie, 359; iolly Sayvetz, 122; tlary Oruc
(TX), 66 6avin Campbell, 347; Jean Seiler, 277; Carol Werba, 178; Eric
bBean, 151. A Few announcements were made. Leaders: Donna Abrshams,
474; Jerry Enright, 300; Jdy Nlincey, 31; Susan tlampre, 250; Bath
Hoffman, 547; Connie Karduck, 501b; 6len Wright, 365; Dottie Hurley,
460; Bob Hell, 297; Ginnie Ely, 428. The hiemorial lesson was called by
Ells Wilcox, who turned the floor over to Amanda Denson. Howard frsdy
read Psalm 103; 14-17 'For he knoweth our frame; he remembereth thst
we are dust. As for man, his days are as grass: as s flower of the field,
so he flourisheth. For the wind passeth over it, and it is gone, and the place
thereof shall know it no more. But the mercy of the Lord is from
everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness
unto childrenns childrren.' Amanda Denson then made remarks summarized
as follows: ' When l was twelve years old, Uncle Pain Denson, Aunt Ruthy
(Ruth Denson Edwards), Aunt Annie (Ann Denson Asron ) snd l went to the
Chattahoochee Convention in 6eorgia. The cream of the crop were there,
and we had a glorious tine, but when we got home l said, 'Aunty Ruthy, it
takes so long when we sing for those dead people.' She replied, ' Amanda,
you will grow to love this part best, ' and I heve. It has become my
favorite part of the singing. All of those people sang for others all their
lNes, and now we are singinq for them, and some day our children will sing
for all of us. The cycle goes on and on. We are only a link in a chain -- a
q0lden chain. It makes me happy to sing today with members of the
Godsey, Lacy, Creel, Nic6raw and Beasley families, my own family , and
other families long associaled with Sacred Herp. However, those who have
gone on before us can outclass any voice in this room. Its not death--
period, but death-comma.
' You do nol make any thing the foundation of your life that can be laken
away from you. The people we remember today knew that, and Sacred
Herp was a large part of many of their lives. This is part of the reason for
a Sacred Herp heart. If you have never heard that term before, it means
goodness and kindness personified. lt is what makes us like an exiended
femily, and it is what makes us endure from generation to qeneration. Hens
Christian Andersen said, ' Every mans life is a fairy tale wrilten by &ods
fingers. ' We sre all srtisis. We are each painting a picture-- a picture of
life' In closing. Amanda Denson said, 'lt is Palm Sunday and for all
friends, loved ones, and Sacred Harp singers of all time who already have
the resurrecled life, lets sing Easter Anthem.' Then Hugh hlc 6raw and
Amanda Denson led 236. Pat Hiqard read the names of the sick and
shut-ins: W. Smith (hB0); Pansy NicConnell (N1). Jw and Catherine
DeNys (lL), 6eorge and Pat Lippi (W1), Nither ad Father Rhsklph (N0),
