names, each of them holds a special meaning to each of us, because they
Bre 8 p8rt of our community. As we read their narmes, and as we sing the
songs, we'd liko to rofloct on what thoso words rnoan- What tho songs
mean to us 8S 8 COInmunity. In addition, as we sing the songs, 3S we do all
the time, l think, we remember people who are special to us, peopla who
have been influentisl in our lives- grandparents, parents, brothers,
sislers, spouses- whove gone on before us. On this flemorial Day
weekend, we think its also appropriate that we remember people whose
names we don't know, people who have died in wars, men and wormen
whove given us the freedom to be here today, also people from around the
world who are now suffering in war and famine; People here in our
community, who are alone, afraid, sick, hungry. For those of us whove
either been born to the tradition of Sacred Harp, or who have found it
recently in their lives, we are very fortunate. We are a community. If we
are not together by location, as we are today, as we sing the songs at
home we think of each other. We comfort each other by singing our song5,
as we think of each other, and as we think of God. Helen Bryson then read
the names of the deceased: Virgina, Hilda delRe; flichigsn, Jarmes Windom
Sr,, Kirk Norton, Fred Buesser. Florida, Jane Rend. Alabama. Leonard
lLacy, lera Tolleson, rirs. Odell Cleveland, dN. Busby and G. Grant.
lllinois, Robert Rokusek, Agnes Witt, Jeanine Kowalski, Samuel Freeman,
lndiana, Susie Coning. Wisconsin, Pat Collier, Father Luke Radke.
Pennsylvania, Lora Rill. Gerogia. Garfield Rainwater, Josie Bell Avery and
6ary DelLong. Freeman Wooten, who was asked to lead for the deceased,
spoke briefly before his lesson 'lts an honor for me to be here. This is a
sad time; a lot of these people, if you just think of it, theres a whole
congregation of these people that she called that have passed away. l don't
know a lot ot them, mostley the ones from Alabama. Tlost sll of you know
lLeonard Lacy; lve known him as long as lve known anybody. He will be
missed; He was a very useful man. At my fether and mother's funeral,
when they passed away, he was the leader of the singing, and thought it
was the prettest singing that l ever heard. Anyway, we miss then all.' He
then led song 101 and 566. Ginnie Ely then led 340 for the sick and
shut-ins as follows: Sarah Curry; Cleo Hawkins and Perks hicNeal. Sarah
Barrie, Peggy Dillard, Virgil and Ruby Phillips, Noah and hlargie Lacy and
Runie 6lover, Dollie Hudgins, Eva Reeves, Randall Hamilton, Dora fBrake,
Pauline Spain. The mermorial lesson was concluded with prayer by John
bayer.
With time for one leader before dinner, 3uell Cobb (AlL) was called,
who prefaced his lesson on page 349, with the following: '!'d like to
preach instead of sing. l know that one of the many sppeals of Sacred Harp
Singing is that we spend more of our time singing then presching, but I
do want to just ssy this one thing, snd that is that for those of us
