from the traditional areas that have been singing Sacred Harp before, lhe
Chicaqo Community seems like the gateway to the undiscovered territory.
This is not only the largest and the most vigorous of all the communities
that have taken up Sacred Harp recently, but it has also done a wonderful
job in shepherding other and smaller groups, and so for that, for the old
singers and the new singers everywhere, 1 salute you and thank you for
that.' The chairman called for a special order of business and the class
then sang Happy firthday to Charlie Ballard, Kathleen Kuiper, 5ary 6ornau
and Nlaster Thomas Jefferson Willard.
DISMISSED FOR LUNCH.
Jerry Enright called the afternoon session to order leading song on page
312b. Leaders: Jenny Willard, (hiN), 480; Dean Slaton, 532; Nleg Parsons,
(hN), 209; Brian Sears, (VA). 38b; Nancy Hejna (il). 29; Ted Johnson,
led 'Boulder''; doy Urban, 149; Paul, larty, flelaine and Steve Herbert,
Connie Karduck and Ann Tarsa, 2w-, Leslie Scott (0H), 71; hlarcis
Johnson, 176; hlichael Darby (0H), 67; Cora Sweatt, (TN), 72b; Eloise
Clark,(0H), 56b; Bobbis 6oodell, (OH), 133; Dave Resslar (hi0), 547Jody
Liss, 49b; Mlichele 5iery 373; Stephen hichiaster, 454; Sarah Smith, 129.
REuco=.
The class reconvened with Peter Pate leading song on psge 196.
lLeaders: Johanna Fabke (Wl), 54; Sam Farwell, 159; Rachael, hlary Rose,
lLucy and Stephen Oleary, 526; David flatt, 479; Sue Kessler, 485; Jesn
and John Schaffer, (CO), 355; John 6reven, 178; Bill Hamblin, 265; Kathy
Krug, 142; Dan Havens, 107; Jeremy Straughn, 150; Seamus Enrignt,
122. The chairman called for a report from the commitlees. Jasse
Robertsgave the Finance report that $1,53B had been collected, which
would cover the convention expenses. Resolutions : ' We thank 6od for
another oportunity to meet with sll of our friends, both old snd new, and to
enjoy each other and the singing. We thank the location Committee for the
excellent rooms and the University of Chicago Folklore Society for their
continued support. We appreciate those who fed us, especially Janics
Collins, also Known as the 6oddess of the Kitchen, and hlarcia Johnson, her
'Assistant Tyrant.' hlany thanks go to Judy Hauff who coordinated housing
for the visiting singers. Also doing a good job was our residenl
'Blabbermoutn', Lisa 6rayson who was responsible for the great publicily
we received. tluch appreciation goes to Ted hlercer ' The Slavedriver',
who whipped everyone into shape as usual. Thanks to Petrina Patti and Sl.
Psuls Church for providing a meeting place for the socisl, therby allowing
flarcia and Ted to keep their home in one piece. and for 'Miother' Ruth for
gettig all of her little ducks in a row and herding the cattle to the trough.
As your Resolutions Commitlee, we submit the following: 1 Buell Cobb
should be allowed to preach at all future meetings. we like his style. 2.
Richard Delong must provide step ladders to enable everyone to climb to
new heights. 3. We the committee. tlatt Lind, Carolyn Deacy, Judy hIincey
and PPsm Nunn do hereby resolve never to be on the Resolutions Commitlee
again. Ever! Respectfully submitted by the sforementioned Committee. The
