preceded us and gone on to the beautiful throne described by John in
Revelation 4:5 and there wes a rainbow round about the throne. We cant
even imagin how beautiful heaven must be, but thank about the rainbow. I!
is so beautiful, but we here on earth have seen only half a rainbow. Thg
ones whose names will be read are now enjoying the full rainbow around
the throne. We csn be thankful for the heritage they have left us thst
continues to bless our lives. A few years sgo l really didn't know they ssng
Sacred Harp except when we had homecoming at the church l qrew up in. !
thouht they carme because they liked us. 3ut lve found more fulminant in
my life since Ive learned these praises are sung for and near, snd l wsnt
to thank each one of you for your personal interest in my learning to sing
Sacred Hsrp. tlay l just single out one of our deceased, Preston Crider. He
was so good to lead me into and out of the songs which l tried to learn,
bless his soul, he was called to see the great white throne with s beautiful
rainbow around it. He death seem untimely to me, ss l sm sure he went so
suddenly. Life is so short we are here then gone like the beautiful snow
flakes they seldom fsll here in the south, and like our lives, just disappesr
s0 soon. they are like precious stones that we can hold s while, and then
they are gone. As l read the names, fix in your mind all the good things
you Can remember about esch one, and pray that as we are here we can
show kindness and love that someone cares remember about us as life goes
on. The decease are Leonsrd Lacy, Nosh Lacy, Preston Crider; Arthur
Ward, Curtis Nlclandon, Henry Johnson, Priscilla Childers, lera Tollison,
Rosa tlcCoy, Janie Creel, 5ennie Keeton Billy Gilbresth, Lovern Riley,
Almar Shipp, from Alabama. E. C. Bowen, and 6ary Delong, lizzy Nlse
Wilson, Fred Howle, 6eorgis; John Barfield, Fla; Parks, hlcNeil, hliss,
Agnes Whitt, 6eorga Armstrong, lllinoise, Jarmes i. Windom, SR., Mii;
Alene Herrington, flassacheseta. Leaders for the memorisl and songs'
Henry 6uthrey, 420; hlsrcia Johnson,494, 448; Aubrey Barfisld, 163.
Tlae Seymour led 348b for the following shut-ins flamie Creel, Jerry snd
flozell Sheppard; Ralph Heath, Aver Crider; Rosa Huges, R.C and Rebs
Stsnford; Peggy Dillard and Bertha Henson. Lets keep these peopel in our
prayers for 6od to give them comfort and show them the rainbow in the
rain, The memorisl was closed with prsyer by Aubrey Barfield. Regulsr
singing resumed: Terry wootten, B3; Karen lvey, 145; 6ertude Wood,
300; Justin Keeton, 124; Rebs Windom, 216; Richard Ney, 125; John
Bealle, 278.
DISMnISSED FOR LUNCH
The sfternoon session was brought together by Harrison Creel lesding
song on page 530. Lesders: David lvey, 163; Psuline Childers, 222;
Richard Delong, 240; Jenny Willard, 377; Steve Warner, 54; Allison ley.
99; Jim Carnes, 365; Lucy Heidorn, 146; Nielanie Hauff, 536; 5ud Oliver,
282; Ernestine Pipkin,203; Ted tlercer, 348. A business session was hal
to hear the reports from the committes: The Resolution report wss qIINven
by Keith Willard, the report was not turned in for printing in the minute.
Locating Committee reported that the 1994 session would meet st Emmsus
151
