First -Martha Harper Nix - Lewis Keeton Memorial Singing - New
Flatwoods Church - 3 miles south of Nauvoo, Alabama. Just of east of
HWY, 11. Nauvoo to Carbon Hill.
First- Ephesus School Auditorium, Ephesus, Georgia - Mr. and Mrs
Frank RRogers Memorial.
First- Salem Church - 5 miles Southwest of Gordo, Alabama.
Saturday (only) before the 2nd Sunday - Missouri State Convention
Murphy- Blair Community Church, St. Louis, Missouri.
Second - Oxford , Mississippi, City Hall, on the Square.
Second - Pilgrim's Rest Primitive Baptist Church, on Hwy. 96,
Centerville, Georgia. Exit off 1-75 at Houser's Mill exit, go east on Hwy 96
for 4 miles. Church on right.
Second - Old Clear Creek Church Hwy 75 to Hwy 168, east on Hwy
168, Douglas to Boaz, Alabama, about five miles - second blacktop road o
right - three miles to second church building.
March 16 - Friday night before the third Sunday Stephenson-Wall
Memorial - Boldo, Alabama . Pleasant Grove Primitive Baptist Church -
6 miles northeast of Jasper, Alabama, on Hwy 69.
Saturday (only) before the 3rd Sunday - Antioch Church- 12 miles out
of Rome to Summerville, Georgia. Hwy. 27 turn left onto Spivy Road.
Third - beginning at 1 p.m. - The Log Cabin, Godsey Road, 1 mile
northwest of Double Springs,Alabama.
Third - Antioch Methodist Church - south of Hwy 46 from Heflin,
Alabama, left on Hwy 62, cross river and turn right on Hwy 49.
Third - Garrison Memorial - Oak Grove Primitive Baptist Church,
Birmingham- Hopewell Road, Alpharetta, Georgia (Cooper Book).
Third - Mount Pleasant Church - 9 miles east of Boaz, Alabama, and 2
miles south of Crossville, Alabama.
Fourth and Saturday before - Georgia State Convention - 1990 Sessio:
Big Creek Primitive Baptist Church, on Hwy 120, E of Alpharetta, GA. exit
GA- 400 at Statebridge Road, turn east.
APRIL, 1990
First- Bethel Primitive Baptist Church - Hwy. 9, 1 mile north of
Bruce, Mississippi.
First- Edwardsville Baptist Church - 6 miles east of Heflin, Alabama,
off Hwy 78.
First- Old Enon Church - North of Lynn Alabama.
Saturday (only) before 2nd Sunday-April 7 - Vermont State
Convention.
Saturday (only) before 2nd Sunday - State Line Baptist Church - just
over Georgia line - 2 miles of HWY. 78.
Second - Antioch Baptist Church - 5 miles north of lder, Alabama. left
on Hwy. 75.
Second - Oak Grove Primitive Baptist Church, Birmingham-Hopewell
Road, north of Alpharetta, Georgia.
