JUNE, 1990
First and Saturday before - Holly Springs Primitive Baptist Church- 2
mile south of Bremen, Georgia, off Hwy 27, 1-20 exit 3.
First- Bethel Church - 3 miles east of Steen, Mississippi.
First- Liberty Church - 2 miles north of Henagar, Alabama on Liberty
Road. From Henagar crossing take Hwy 40 West to the Farmer Telephone
Cooperative. Turn right and go to dead end. Turn right. Take first left past
Henagar Methodist Church onto Liberty Road. Church on right after approx.
1.5 miles.
First. Pine Tucky Church - 5 miles south of Double Springs, Alabama,
and 1 mile east of Hwy 195.
First- Sherman Baptist Church- Hilton Roane Memorial - Hwy 32, -10
miles west of Bruce, Mississippi.
Second and Saturday before - Hopewell Primitive Baptist Church -
Hopewell Homecoming- 6 miles east of Oneonta, Alabama, 1 mile east of
Oneonta Airport.
Second- Alpharetta, Georgia, Municipal Auditorium.
Second- Pleasant Hill Church - Johnson School House - Aldridge
Memorial - Fayette County, Alabama, on Hwy 44, Old Fayette Road.
Second - Mt. Vernon Primitive Baptist Church - 13 miles northeast of
Cullman, Alabama on Hwy 69, Cullman to Arab, Alabama.
Second - New Hope Primitive Baptist Church, one mile east of Villa
Rica, Georgia, just off Hwy 78.
Second - Oak Springs Church - 3 miles north of Derman, Mississippi.
June - 14,15,16, 1990- Samford University, Birmingham, Alabama -
National Sacred Harp Singing Convention - 3 days.
Saturday (only) before the 3rd Sunday - Addingston Chapel Church - 15
miles Southwest of Cullman, Alabama. - 4 miles off Hwy 69 at Wilburn,
Alabama ( Bug Tussle).
Third - St, Michael Church - 4 miles north of Fruithurst, Alabama,
Cleburne County.
Third - Hopewell Primitive Baptist Church, 2 1/2 miles east of Ephesus
School on Ephesus and Roosterville Road, Georgia.
Third - King School House - 3 miles northwest of Lynn, Alabama, and
just off Hwy 278.
Third - Little Vine Church - near Empire, Alabama, on Oaky Hollow Rd.
Third . Pleasant Valley Church - 4 miles South of Gallant, Alabama,
Hwy 35, Ivalee to junction with U.S. Hwy 231.
Third - Macedonia Church - 4 miles south of Section, Alabama, Jackson
County - 7 miles northwest of Fyffe, Alabama, on Hwy to Section, Ala.
Fourth and Saturday before - Shady Grove Church - 3 miles north of
Double Springs, Alabama, On Hwy. 195.
Fourth - Delong Memorial - Ebenezer Church, intersection of Roberts
Road and Spalding Drive, Dunwoody, Georgia.
