Fourth - Indian Creek Baptist Church - 4 miles north of Bowdon,
Georgia, Hwy 100.
Fourth - Mt. Lebanon Church - 8 miles northwest of Fayette, Alabama,
on old Fayette and Winfield Highway.
Fourth - New Hope Primitive Baptist Church - Annual Memorial Singi9
- 12 miles northeast of Jasper, Alabama, and 1 mile south of Hwy 69 on
Sipsey Road (Walker County).
Fourth - New Hope Church - 5 miles south of Jones Chapel, Alabama, on
Hwy 278 - County Hwy. from Jones Chapel to Crane Hill (Cullman, County).
July, 1990
First and Saturday before - Henagar Union Convention - Liberty Church.
2 miles north of Henagar, Alabama. from Henagar crossing take Hwy 40
west to Farmer Telephone Cooperative. Turn right to dead end. Turn right.
Take first left past Henagar Methodist Church onto Liberty Road. Church on
right after approx. 1.5 miles.
First- Cross Roads Baptist Church - 9 miles north of Tallapoosa,
Georgia, just of Hwy 100.
First- New Flatwoods Church - Dutton, Green Memorial - 3 miles south
of Nauvoo, Alabama. and east of Hwy 11 - Nauvoo to Carbon Hill, Alabama.
First- Pleasant Hill Church - One Mile Southwest of Warner Robbins,
Georgia, on South Pleasant Hill Road.
July 2- Monday- Gauley Free Will Baptist Church - 2 miles west of
Calhoun City, Mississippi.
July 4 -Wednesday, Independence Day, Liberty Church near Helicon,
Alabama. - six miles south of Hwy 278 and one mile west of Hwy 77.
July 4 -Wednesday, Independence Day - Muscadine Methodist Church,
Muscadine, Alabama off Hwy 49, just south of intersection with Hwy. 78
in East Cleburne County.
July 4- Mt. Hermon Primitive Baptist Church - North of Hwy 8. 3
miles west of Vardaman, Mississippi.
159.
Second and Saturday before - Cullman Courthouse - Cullman, Alabama.
Second - Mt. Zion Church - 18 miles north of Gordo, Alabama. Hwy.
Second - Springs Creek Church, 3 miles west of Banner. Calhoun
County, Mississippi
Saturday (only) before 3rd Sunday - Mennonite Biblical Seminary
Chapel. Elkhart, Indiana.
Saturday (only) before 3rd Sunday - Mt. Oak Church - 5 miles
northeast of Arab, Alabama.
Saturday (only) before 3rd Sunday - Walker County Convention - 76thhh
session - City Auditorium, Jasper, Alabama
Third - Mt, Perion Church - 7 miles north of Fruithurst, Alabama -
Cleburne County.
