SEPTEMBER, 1990
First- Little Vine Primitive Baptist Church - 3 miles east of Bremen,
Georgia.
First- Clear Creek West - Johnson School House, Fayette County,
Alabama, on Hwy 44. Old Fayette Road.
First and Saturday before - 85th Session - Mulberry River Convention
- Liberty Primitive Baptist Church (McCormick) - 21/2 miles southwest
of Sumiton, Alabama, north of new Hwy 78 or south of old Hwy 78.
September 3 - Monday, LABOR DAY - Shoal Creek, ten miles north of
Heflin, Alabama.
Second and Saturday before - 87th Session - United Sacred Harp
Musical Association - Chicago, lllinois.
Second - Mountain Home Church - 3 miles southwest of Bear Creek,
Alabama, on Hwy 241 south.
Third and Saturday before - 76th session - Calhoun County Convention
- Four Mile Mount Moriah Primitive Baptist Church.
Third - Shady Grove, Walker County, Alabama.- Keeton Cemetery 1
1I2 miles east of new Flatwoods Ch. on Hwy 11, Nauvoo to Carbon Hill, AL
Saturday before fourth Sunday- lllinois State Convention -
Charleston, Illinois. Placed to be announced.
Fourth - Gum Pond (Morgan County) - 18 mi, northeast of Cullman, AL
Fourth - Liberty Hill Church- 9 miles east of Boaz, Alabama, top of
Horton's Gap, just off Sardis Farm to market blacktop road.
Fourth - Winston County Convention - Sunday only - Shady Grove
Church, 3 miles north of Double Springs, Alabama on Hwy 195.
Fourth- Emmaus Church, Thomaston, Georgia.
Fourth - City Hall, Ashland, Alabama.
Fourth - Loosascoona Primitive Baptist Church- Air Mount - north of
Hwy 330, 11 miles west of Burce, Mississippi.
Fifth - Liberty (McCormick) Moon Memorial, 2 1/2 miles southeast of
Sumiton, Alabama. North of new Hwy. 78 or south of old Hwy. 78.
Fifth - Tuscaloosa Community Center - Southside Lions Club in
Rosedale, on Hwys. 82 and 69 south of Tuscaloosa.
Fifth- (29-30) Southwest Texas Convention- San Antonio Primitive
Baptist Church,Corner of Walton and DeSota Streets. San Antonio, Texas.
OCTOBER, i990
First- Sandy Creek Church - one mile south of Flovilla, Georgia.
First- Hopewell Primitive Baptist Church - Alexander, Hullett, Lowe
and Brothers Memorial. - 6 miles east of Oneonta, Alabama, and 1 mile
east of Oneonta Airport.
First- Old Sardis Church No 1. - 3 miles north of Lynn, Alabama.
Second - Chestnut Grove Baptist Church - 3 miles south of lder -
Junction on Hwy 117.
