The memorial lesson is a long-standing tradition in Sacred Harp Singlng.
No matter how enthusiastic the singing has been in the earlier part of the
day, traditional singers always take time to remember the singers,
friends, and loved ones who have died in the past year.
For many of us who are just getting our feet wet in the Sacred Harp
tradition, or even singing this music for the first time, the memorial lesson
is an uncomfortable part of a singing. Those who have been singing longer
consider it essential. In his recentley reprinted book The Sacred Harp,
Buell Cobb includes a listener's account of a simple and powerful memorial
lesson led by Mrs. Ruth Denson Edwards. She said (in part) 'When l was a
little girl, 1 didn't like the memorial lesson. 1 thought it was sad, and 1
wanted to get out of the church. But by Daddy said to me, 'Babe'', there
will come a time when you'll think that's the sweetest lesson of all,' And
that time (she said) has come.'
For the Southerners among us the memorial lesson is sweet, because
it's a time to remember and honor the singers who have shared their love
of this music with us for many years; whose leading style or teaching
method has inspired or encouraged us; whose drell or sweet personality has
brought something special to singing-strong singers, singers who have
become legends in the history of Sacred Harp, faithful, kind, and generous
people whose absence will be deeply felt. Even some of us who haven't been
singing very long, have met and sung with some of the legendary Southern
singers ( such as the late Mack Wootten of Sand Mountain and the late D.T.
White), and we see the necessity of recalling them and their gifts to us.
lt's hard sometimes to think about death in such a personal way, because
it seems to mean only our loss. But, as Mrs. Edwards pointed out in her
memorial lesson, 'for all forms of life - there's a cycle.,, We're only born
to die. We go throught four stages. After we're born, we grow, we bear
fruit, we age, and then we die.' We must keep in mind, too, that for some
of our fellow singers who have died, death was a blessed release - we slng
of it in many of our songs. ''m fettered and chained up in clay - I struggle
and pant to be free, 1 long to be soaring away'. We sing 'Death is the gate
to endless joy, 'We sing of sweet fiends arrayed in endless green and
rivers of delight,' of a place 'Where trouble shall cease and harmony shall
abound.' Our pain at the loss of friends and family we loved, of those people
who have enriched our lives must be no more real than our gratitude at
having known then at least as long as we had then with us; our grief must
be no more real than our conviction that we'll sing with them again in that
eternal day. Leaders were called for the memorial as follows: Jerry
Schreiber led 48 for Leon Smith , California; Kris Richardson led 61 and 45
for the Northern deceased: Betty Fennev,Chicago, Thomas Benett Freeman,
Dr. Eric Kast, Virgil Florell, Cllfford Maslanka, Helen Remley, Minnesota;
Matthew Weiss, Boston. Hugh McGraw led 111b for the southern deceased:
John Seiber of North Carolina, Mack Wootten, Elder W. C. Barnes, Ralph
Adams, John Chessler and D. T. White Alabama. Daniel Hudson ,Georgia.
Tommy Spurlock spoke about the suddent recent illnesses of Lurleen Heath
